Question 1.
The trait that I think most important is unselfishness. The Marine Corps says ¡§unselfishness means that you avoid making yourself comfortable at the expense of others.¡¨ When we want to set ourselves up for success, we need to provide our colleagues and employees with the adequate amount of resources so that they are able to complete their tasks efficiently and effectively.

Question 2.
I used to be a yes person. This hindered me from performing well in a team. Yes persons are dependent and are unwilling to think critically. Sometimes when the leader makes a wrong decision, these conformists pose a danger to the team.

Question 3.
Forming
In this stage, most team members are positive and polite. Some are anxious, as they haven't fully understood what work the team will do. Others are simply excited about the task ahead. 

Storming
Storming often starts where there is a conflict between team members' natural working styles. People may work in different ways for all sorts of reasons but, if differing working styles cause unforeseen problems, they may become frustrated.

Norming
When team members know one another better, they may socialize together, and they are able to ask one another for help and provide constructive feedback. People develop a stronger commitment to the team goal, and you start to see good progress towards it.

Performing
The team reaches the performing stage, when hard work leads, without friction, to the achievement of the team's goal. The structures and processes that you have set up support this well.

Question 4.
Leader¡¦s role in each phase
¡DForming: Provide direction and state clear expectations and job descriptions; listen to team members¡¦ interests and strengths.

¡DStorming: Address difficult issues and coach the team through challengers. Facilitate conversations and define ambiguity. Beware of factions forming and member isolation.

¡DNorming: Facilitate performance, encourage members to perform and contribute idea.

¡DPerforming: Focus on purpose, strengthen relationships on the team. Celebrate successes and recognize contributions.
Question 5:
The performance drops during the storming stage, so this is obviously the stage that we want to keep as short as possible.

The leader needs to be adept at facilitating the team through this stage ensuring the team members learn to listen to each other and respect differences and ideas. This includes not allowing any one team member to control all conversations and to facilitate contributions from all members of the team.

Followers should accept each other and learn how to work together for the good of the team. It means valuing diversity and arriving at the position of knowing the team needs all the different types of personalities and behavioral styles to be a success.